CocoaCamp
=========
This iOS project is developed to meet the needs of the Atlanta CocoaCamp 2010 
event with the intention of sharing with the rest of the Cocoa community.  

* [CocoaCamp iOS GitHub Master](http://github.com/cocoacamp/CocoaCamp-iOS-App)
* [CocoaCamp Google Group](http://groups.google.com/group/cocoacamp-atlanta)

Three20
=======
Three20 is a collection of iPhone UI classes, like a photo viewer, and general
utilities, like an HTTP disk cache.  See the project resources for more info  

* [Three20 GitHub Master](http://github.com/facebook/three20)
* [Three20.info](Three20.info)

Bump API
========
The Bump API is included in the source tree. No setup needed.

Setting Up Your Project
=======================

1. Fork the [CocoaCamp iOS GitHub Master](http://github.com/cocoacamp/CocoaCamp-iOS-App) project to your own GitHub account 

2. Clone both our project and three20 to the same parent directory (Obviously, you need [Git installed](http://help.github.com/mac-git-installation/))

        [Terminal]
        cd ~/MyXcodeDevelopmentDirectory
        git clone git://github.com/facebook/three20.git
        git clone git@github.com:<your user name>/CocoaCamp-iOS-App.git
		open CocoaCamp-iOS-App/CocoaCamp.xcodeproj
        [/Terminal]


   You need to tore the repository parallel to the CocoaCamp xcode project, in the same parent directory, 
   because Xcode will need to reference the files every time you compile your project.

2. That's it!  As far as I know, it should work at this point.  If you have any trouble, see the README.markdown in the three20 project.  But please communicate through the [CocoaCamp Google Group](http://groups.google.com/group/cocoacamp-atlanta) so we can straighten it out.


Current State 
=============
There are 4 tabs:
 
1. Schedule - conference schedule 
2. People - bump contact exchange UI 
3. Flickr - take pictures and share with other attendees on Flickr 
4. You - identify yourself on the app so that you can use bump contact 
exchange(maybe should merge this w People in the future?) 

Merging from Main Trunk 
=======================

To merge the changes from upstream(for this time and future 
instances), first do a: 

    git status 
and make sure you don't have local changes on either of these files:
 
    CocoaCamp.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj 
    MainWindow.xib 
if you do have local changes on either file, throw away the changes by: 

    git checkout <filepath>

If you'd never done this before, you'll need to add cocoacamp as a remote repo(you only need to do this the first time):

    git remote add cocoacamp http://github.com/cocoacamp/CocoaCamp-iOS-App.git

then do: 

    git fetch cocoacamp 
    git merge cocoacamp/master 
If you don't have any merge conflicts then you've completed the merge on your local repo. If you get merge conflicts you will still have to merge manually. Rule of thumb: code files are easy to merge, nib files are not. After manually merging, follow the steps in *Committing Your Work*.

Committing Your Work
====================
First add each new file you newly created by: 

    git add <filepath> 
then if you want to commit all modified files do: 

    git commit -am "put commit comment here" 
then push it to github: 

    git push origin master

Git Workflow
============

Going forward, this is the recommended git workflow(note, this is 
different from what I said at our last lunch): 

1. Work as you normally would. 
2. When you are done with a set of changes, commit all files and push 
to your fork on github. Follow instructions in *Committing Your Work*.
3. Email me at (airportyh@gmail.com) or send me a pull request at 
(airportyh) and kindly ask to merge your changes. I'll get to it as 
soon as I can(usually same day, except for weekend). If there are any 
special instructions that can help me, such as what frameworks you've 
added, or what controller/nib should go on what tab in the MainWindow 
nib, please write me a note. 
4. I'll email you back or comment on your pull request(which should in 
turn notify you via email) when I'm done w the merge. Then at this 
point, follow the *Merging from Main Trunk* instructions above to merge back to 
your repo. Between the time you send me the pull request and 
the time I am done with the merge, it's best that you don't do 
anything that modifies *CocoaCamp.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj* or *MainWindow.xib*.
